https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8350 (#5783)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/release_notes/known_issues.adoc

Cluster lifecycle known issues and limitations are part of the Cluster lifecycle with {mce-short} documentation.

[#prehook-failure-hosted-cluster]

> === Pre-hook failure does not fail the hosted cluster creation 
> //2.9:8350
> 
> If you use the automation template for the hosted cluster creation and the pre-hook job fails, then it looks like the hosted cluster creation is still progressing. This is normal because the hosted cluster was designed with no complete failure state, and therefore, it keeps trying to create the cluster.

Reviewer: Throughout the doc, I mainly see "prehook". There is only one instance where pre-hook is used and should be updated for consistency. The "pre-hook" update can be complete in this PR and done later (cluster_lifecycle_arch.adoc)
```suggestion
=== Prehook failure does not fail the hosted cluster creation 
//2.9:8350

If you use the automation template for the hosted cluster creation and the prehook job fails, then it looks like the hosted cluster creation is still progressing. This is normal because the hosted cluster was designed with no complete failure state, and therefore, it keeps trying to create the cluster.
```
